src/activationHelpers/contextAware/miniIndex/indexes/README.md, before:

# In-Memory Indexes

## Source Bible Index

This index is used to store the source Bible verses with some metadata.

## Translation Pairs Index

This index is used to store the translation pairs with some metadata. Note, this index does not store ALL the source Bible verses, but only those with a translation pair in the target language.

## Zero Draft Index

This index is used to store the zero draft data with some metadata, and these can be either imported in bulk and inserted into the Codex notebook files, or inserted one by one as inline completion options.

Here are example files for each of the supported formats for importing zero draft data (txt, jsonl, json, and tsv) into Codex.

1. TXT Example (zero_draft_example.txt):
```txt
GEN 1:1	Au tout début, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre.
GEN 1:2	La terre n'avait pas de forme et était vide. Il y avait de l'obscurité sur l'abîme, et l'Esprit de Dieu flottait au-dessus des eaux.
MRK 1:6	Jean portait un vêtement en poils de chameau et une ceinture en cuir autour de la taille. Il mangeait des sauterelles et du miel sauvage.
MRK 1:1	Le commencement de la Bonne Nouvelle de Jésus-Christ, le Fils de Dieu.
TIT 1:1	Paul, serviteur de Dieu et apôtre de Jésus-Christ, pour la foi des élus de Dieu et la connaissance de la vérité dans la piété.
```

1. JSONL Example (zero_draft_example.jsonl):
```jsonl
{"vref": "GEN 1:1", "content": "Au tout début, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
{"vref": "GEN 1:2", "content": "La terre n'avait pas de forme et était vide. Il y avait de l'obscurité sur l'abîme, et l'Esprit de Dieu flottait au-dessus des eaux.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
{"vref": "MRK 1:6", "content": "Jean portait un vêtement en poils de chameau et une ceinture en cuir autour de la taille. Il mangeait des sauterelles et du miel sauvage.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
{"vref": "MRK 1:1", "content": "Le commencement de la Bonne Nouvelle de Jésus-Christ, le Fils de Dieu.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
{"vref": "TIT 1:1", "content": "Paul, serviteur de Dieu et apôtre de Jésus-Christ, pour la foi des élus de Dieu et la connaissance de la vérité dans la piété.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
```

1. JSON Example (zero_draft_example.json):
```json
[
  {
    "vref": "GEN 1:1",
    "content": "Au tout début, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "Old"
    }
  },
  {
    "vref": "GEN 1:2",
    "content": "La terre n'avait pas de forme et était vide. Il y avait de l'obscurité sur l'abîme, et l'Esprit de Dieu flottait au-dessus des eaux.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "Old"
    }
  },
  {
    "vref": "MRK 1:6",
    "content": "Jean portait un vêtement en poils de chameau et une ceinture en cuir autour de la taille. Il mangeait des sauterelles et du miel sauvage.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "New"
    }
  },
  {
    "vref": "MRK 1:1",
    "content": "Le commencement de la Bonne Nouvelle de Jésus-Christ, le Fils de Dieu.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "New"
    }
  },
  {
    "vref": "TIT 1:1",
    "content": "Paul, serviteur de Dieu et apôtre de Jésus-Christ, pour la foi des élus de Dieu et la connaissance de la vérité dans la piété.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "New"
    }
  }
]
```

1. TSV Example (zero_draft_example.tsv):
```tsv
GEN 1:1	Au tout début, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre.	French	Old Testament
GEN 1:2	La terre n'avait pas de forme et était vide. Il y avait de l'obscurité sur l'abîme, et l'Esprit de Dieu flottait au-dessus des eaux.	French	Old Testament
MRK 1:6	Jean portait un vêtement en poils de chameau et une ceinture en cuir autour de la taille. Il mangeait des sauterelles et du miel sauvage.	French	New Testament
MRK 1:1	Le commencement de la Bonne Nouvelle de Jésus-Christ, le Fils de Dieu.	French	New Testament
TIT 1:1	Paul, serviteur de Dieu et apôtre de Jésus-Christ, pour la foi des élus de Dieu et la connaissance de la vérité dans la piété.	French	New Testament
```

These examples demonstrate how the data can be structured in each of the supported file formats. You can use these as templates for creating test files or for documentation purposes. Each format has its own advantages:

- TXT: Simple and easy to read, but limited metadata support.
- JSONL: Good for large datasets, easy to append, and supports rich metadata.
- JSON: Supports rich metadata and is easy to read, but may be less efficient for very large datasets.
- TSV: Tabular format, easy to read and edit in spreadsheet applications, supports basic metadata.

The current implementation in `zeroDraftIndex.ts` can handle all of these formats, parsing them into the `ZeroDraftIndexRecord` structure for indexing and searching.

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit 1883b14655686085c9a6f352894ec200d183e01e
Author: ryderwishart <ryderwishart@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Aug 30 13:30:11 2024 -0600

    Version bump

commit 93e1f3310332d457845a949e8ab153cc1613d417
Author: ryderwishart <ryderwishart@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Aug 30 13:29:45 2024 -0600

    Improve build params

commit cc722b89cd14b4aa30bddd68299c35f9bbd88fad
Author: ryderwishart <ryderwishart@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Aug 30 13:13:16 2024 -0600

    Update zero draft index readme

commit 2a2a6ba52d839911772ee9b705c46b937e11199f
Author: ryderwishart <ryderwishart@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Aug 30 13:00:47 2024 -0600

    Fix inline completions

src/activationHelpers/contextAware/miniIndex/indexes/README.md, after:

# In-Memory Indexes

## Source Bible Index

This index is used to store the source Bible verses with some metadata.

## Translation Pairs Index

This index is used to store the translation pairs with some metadata. Note, this index does not store ALL the source Bible verses, but only those with a translation pair in the target language.

## Zero Draft Index

This index is used to store the zero draft data with some metadata, and these can be either imported in bulk and inserted into the Codex notebook files, or inserted one by one as inline completion options.

Zero draft files need to be placed in the `files/zero_drafts` folder in the workspace.

Here are example files for each of the supported formats for importing zero draft data (txt, jsonl, json, and tsv) into Codex.

1. TXT Example (zero_draft_example.txt):
```txt
GEN 1:1	Au tout début, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre.
GEN 1:2	La terre n'avait pas de forme et était vide. Il y avait de l'obscurité sur l'abîme, et l'Esprit de Dieu flottait au-dessus des eaux.
MRK 1:6	Jean portait un vêtement en poils de chameau et une ceinture en cuir autour de la taille. Il mangeait des sauterelles et du miel sauvage.
MRK 1:1	Le commencement de la Bonne Nouvelle de Jésus-Christ, le Fils de Dieu.
TIT 1:1	Paul, serviteur de Dieu et apôtre de Jésus-Christ, pour la foi des élus de Dieu et la connaissance de la vérité dans la piété.
```

1. JSONL Example (zero_draft_example.jsonl):
```jsonl
{"vref": "GEN 1:1", "content": "Au tout début, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
{"vref": "GEN 1:2", "content": "La terre n'avait pas de forme et était vide. Il y avait de l'obscurité sur l'abîme, et l'Esprit de Dieu flottait au-dessus des eaux.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
{"vref": "MRK 1:6", "content": "Jean portait un vêtement en poils de chameau et une ceinture en cuir autour de la taille. Il mangeait des sauterelles et du miel sauvage.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
{"vref": "MRK 1:1", "content": "Le commencement de la Bonne Nouvelle de Jésus-Christ, le Fils de Dieu.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
{"vref": "TIT 1:1", "content": "Paul, serviteur de Dieu et apôtre de Jésus-Christ, pour la foi des élus de Dieu et la connaissance de la vérité dans la piété.", "metadata": {"language": "French"}}
```

1. JSON Example (zero_draft_example.json):
```json
[
  {
    "vref": "GEN 1:1",
    "content": "Au tout début, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "Old"
    }
  },
  {
    "vref": "GEN 1:2",
    "content": "La terre n'avait pas de forme et était vide. Il y avait de l'obscurité sur l'abîme, et l'Esprit de Dieu flottait au-dessus des eaux.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "Old"
    }
  },
  {
    "vref": "MRK 1:6",
    "content": "Jean portait un vêtement en poils de chameau et une ceinture en cuir autour de la taille. Il mangeait des sauterelles et du miel sauvage.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "New"
    }
  },
  {
    "vref": "MRK 1:1",
    "content": "Le commencement de la Bonne Nouvelle de Jésus-Christ, le Fils de Dieu.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "New"
    }
  },
  {
    "vref": "TIT 1:1",
    "content": "Paul, serviteur de Dieu et apôtre de Jésus-Christ, pour la foi des élus de Dieu et la connaissance de la vérité dans la piété.",
    "metadata": {
      "language": "French",
      "testament": "New"
    }
  }
]
```

1. TSV Example (zero_draft_example.tsv):
```tsv
GEN 1:1	Au tout début, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre.	French	Old Testament
GEN 1:2	La terre n'avait pas de forme et était vide. Il y avait de l'obscurité sur l'abîme, et l'Esprit de Dieu flottait au-dessus des eaux.	French	Old Testament
MRK 1:6	Jean portait un vêtement en poils de chameau et une ceinture en cuir autour de la taille. Il mangeait des sauterelles et du miel sauvage.	French	New Testament
MRK 1:1	Le commencement de la Bonne Nouvelle de Jésus-Christ, le Fils de Dieu.	French	New Testament
TIT 1:1	Paul, serviteur de Dieu et apôtre de Jésus-Christ, pour la foi des élus de Dieu et la connaissance de la vérité dans la piété.	French	New Testament
```

These examples demonstrate how the data can be structured in each of the supported file formats. You can use these as templates for creating test files or for documentation purposes. Each format has its own advantages:

- TXT: Simple and easy to read, but limited metadata support.
- JSONL: Good for large datasets, easy to append, and supports rich metadata.
- JSON: Supports rich metadata and is easy to read, but may be less efficient for very large datasets.
- TSV: Tabular format, easy to read and edit in spreadsheet applications, supports basic metadata.

The current implementation in `zeroDraftIndex.ts` can handle all of these formats, parsing them into the `ZeroDraftIndexRecord` structure for indexing and searching.
